Comprehensive Mathematical Manuscript Audit Skill Bundle

Orchestrator entry point: $math-paper-audit

Suggested invocation
  Use $math-paper-audit to audit this manuscript's correctness and rigor.
  Execute every specialist review in sequence, preserve the manuscript, and
  produce a consolidated report with precise locations, mathematical evidence,
  affected results, and proposed corrections. Explicitly list anything that
  could not be verified.

Attach the manuscript in the same message or provide its actual path.
For example: Use $math-paper-audit to audit D:/papers/example/main.tex.

The orchestrator executes these stages in order
  1. $math-claim-map          Structure, all assertions, assumptions, and proof dependencies
  2. $math-reference-audit    Primary sources, exact theorems, and each citation's applicability
  3. $math-proof-audit        Step-by-step reasoning, quantifiers, hidden conditions, and proof gaps
  4. $math-stress-test        Counterexamples, boundary and degenerate cases, and scope of conclusions
  5. $math-computation-audit  Formulas, estimates, asymptotic expansions, and computational evidence
  6. $math-manuscript-audit   Whole-manuscript argument closure in an independent context

Individual specialists can also be invoked separately; their conclusions will
identify the review as covering that specialist task only.
The orchestrator's stages run sequentially. Within a stage, independent results
may be assigned to subagents.

Outputs
  One consolidated report, the audit.json ledger, stage evidence, and any
  calculation files needed to reproduce checks.
  Reports distinguish mathematical errors, proof gaps, unverified references,
  incomplete checks, exposition issues, and typographic issues.
  Final reports follow the predominant language of the manuscript's prose,
  regardless of the language used in the chat. Retain original quotations,
  mathematical formulas, notation, and identifiers where appropriate.
  Request LaTeX or PDF when invoking the skill if that format is needed;
  no particular document format is required by default.

Default behavior
  Review the entire current manuscript, including appendices, unnumbered claims,
  citations, and the connections between the main conclusions.
  Review only by default. Explicitly request "audit and repair" to include fixes.
  Changes to reviewed files make the old audit stale; affected arguments must be
  rechecked after repairs.
  Internal arguments can be checked offline. Inaccessible external sources
  remain unverified.
  Use an independent subagent for the whole-manuscript review when available;
  explicitly report the limitation when one is unavailable.
  No Danus installation or service, particular model, API key, or external
  plugin is required.
  The bookkeeping helper uses only Python's standard library and does not
  certify mathematical correctness.

Outcome labels
  NO_ISSUES_FOUND  No unresolved issues found within the declared scope
  NOTES_ONLY       Exposition or typographic notes only
  ISSUES_FOUND     Mathematical errors, proof gaps, or circular dependencies remain
  INCOMPLETE       Some review work is unfinished or could not be verified
  STALE            Reviewed files have changed or cannot be read
  INVALID_AUDIT    Audit records have malformed or inconsistent accounting that must be corrected

These outcomes describe review findings, not formal proof certificates.
"No issues found" is always limited by the declared scope and available evidence.

File locations and portability
  The skills/ directory contains seven skill directories. Keep them together
  so that the orchestrator and specialists can read their shared contract.
  To use the bundle on another machine, place all seven directories in that
  environment's personal skills directory. See README.md for installation
  locations and invocation syntax for Codex, Claude Code, and OpenCode.
  If the current session does not list the new skills, start a new session or
  provide the orchestrator's SKILL.md path directly for the assistant to read.

Provenance
  Adapted from Danus review methods, retaining Apache-2.0 licensing and
  attribution notices.
  See skills/math-paper-audit/references/provenance.md for sources and changes.
  This bundle is not an official Danus release.

Maintenance validation
  The bundle root includes tests/test_audit_state.py. Run it in an environment
  with Python installed:
    python -m unittest discover -s tests -q
  These tests check the bookkeeping validator's behavior. They do not establish
  that the model can find every error in an arbitrary manuscript.
